Let's not trap ourselves to using AI to
replace people and disempower people and
drive down wages, but instead use it to
augment people.
>> Hi, Telus.
>> Hi, Miriam.
>> Today, we have our colleague Justin
Leheart joining us. He's an economics
reporter. Good to see you, Justin. Good
to see you.
>> And we brought him here because we're
gonna have a big conversation about AI
and jobs. But first, we want to talk
about the big thing that's roing markets
this week, and that is gold. Gold
continues to serve.
>> I can't see I can't see. It's all that
glittering [laughter] gold as as mom and
pop backs up the truck and fills it with
gold ETFs, Costco gold. Everyone's
buying gold under the bed. Under the
mattress,
>> under the [laughter] mattress. [gasps]
Um, it's Yeah. Well, all joking aside,
it has been obviously an absurd run for
gold these last few weeks. Really, I
mean, over the past year or so, uh, gold
has now surged above, it's funny, when
we prepared the episode, we was surging
above 5,000 and then as we updated it,
it was surging above 5,500.
>> What do you think is driving this big
gold rally?
>> As our colleague Greg put it in his
column uh this past week, he said it is
a there are tremors shaking up
assumptions about the global economy.
And that has to do, I think, not just
with, you know, Greenland and other
geopolitical events, but the role of the
dollar, right? I mean, factions within
the Trump administration, the president
and the Treasury Secretary said kind of
different things about whether the
dollar should be strong or weak over
this past week. And I think all of that
is just making people say, "Gh, I want
to get off a little bit." And gold seems
like the exit ramp.
>> I have I have maybe a little bit of a
contrarian take on this, but I want to
hear what you have to say, Justin. Do
you like do you have a view?
>> So a long time ago I I I went to a bar.
This is like 2002 and uh me and my
friends we started playing pool with
these people and they turned out to be
traders. They were they were retired
traders who had worked for Steinhart
which is like one of the first hedge
funds. Um and they had like basically
made their nut and decided they they
were retired at 40, you know, in their
40s.
>> What a life.
>> Um and one of them one of them told me
and this is like in 2002. He's like,
"Yeah, you know, I'm buying gold." And I
was like, "Oh my god, that is so stupid.
[laughter] What an idiot." Right? You
made all this money in the financial
markets and now you're
>> at that point and at that point gold was
probably about 300 bucks.
>> Okay. And it just went up and up and up
and you know I was thinking about like
well what was it about that moment and
this guy who was obviously smarter than
me um you know and it's like you you
think there was like September 11th um
Putin comes to power in in in 19 the end
of 1999 right this is like an end of an
era of sort of stability
>> for the world
>> and that's when gold starts to go up And
I think that, you know, what we're
seeing now is kind of a continuation of
that.
>> But what if like what if in this era of
like momentum trades and meme stocks,
gold has just become like the latest
memecoin, the original memecoin, gold?
Like are people just piling in because
it keeps going up and everyone's like,
"Oh, got to get on that gold train."
that I kind of feel like there's a
little bit of that going on like just
along with like the rest of the market
charging higher like oh AI got to get on
that gold got to get on that like I just
I feel like it's kind of lost you know
contact with reality at a certain point
>> I mean it certainly seems like within
the larger kind of macro logic behind it
whether you know having to do maybe with
big these big structural changes there's
like micro cycles within that
>> and on the note gold. We asked for your
um feedback in our last episode and a
lot of you sent in, you know, some great
commentary about the way that you're
investing, including um incorporating
stuff that you've heard on our show into
your own trading plan. And we got some
feedback on gold from Trenton Sabbo, a
listener from Charlotte, North Carolina.
He said that in June 2025, he decided to
join the Cell America trade and moved
around a quarter of his retirement
portfolio from the S&P 500 to the
EyesShares MSCI Global Gold Miners ETF.
And since investing, he's achieved a
100% return.
>> I think that illustrates maybe some of
both of what we're talking about, right?
There is a there is a fundamental
rationale that people have, right? you
know, the sell America trade, but at the
same time, you know, there's also just
like a a trade element. You know, I'm
going to shift some money over. I'm
going to to get into that and other
people I know have done well. So,
probably both of these things end up
reinforcing each other.
>> Speaking of high-flying things, um, one
of the magnificent seven is reporting
earnings this coming week, and that's
Amazon. Um, but it's been one of the
ones that hasn't traded necessarily as
well as the others. As we talked last
week about Meta and how it hadn't
performed as well, um it ended up
reporting positive earnings and the
stock went up a lot because you could
see that AI benefit translating into
Meta's earnings actually like boosting
ad revenue which is their main source of
revenue. Um so like an actual uplift
from some of this capex that they're
doing. The question with Amazon is will
that will the same be true for them? Um
and they we've had a lot of layoffs
there recently. they um basically ramped
up a lot of hiring it seems like during
the pandemic um because e-commerce was
all the rage and some of that is now
coming off um our colleagues had a story
about that um this past week um just
about how companies are still right
sizing their labor forces uh to adjust
for CO well Justin you've been writing
about the kind of the tech hiring boom
for years and it's it's it's boom it's
bust. Where are we now in that cycle?
>> Yeah. I mean, if you think about the two
places where um there was lots and lots
of hiring during uh during co or you
know in the post-pandemic period, right?
There was lots of hiring for sort of
logistics, warehousing, you know, retail
type stuff and then there was a lot of
hiring uh within technology.
And if you think about Amazon, well,
it's it's kind of both of those things,
right? But that is that is the problem I
think that they're having, you know, on
the labor side. Um, when you think about
e-commerce, right, it's really I I guess
the question is like how much stuff are
we going to be buying? Like we
definitely went through this period
where we bought like lots and lots and
lots of stuff, right, after the um after
the pandemic and that kind of persisted
like still, right? But at a certain
point you wonder if we're going to sort
of readjust and you know more spending
sort of shifting towards services
towards restaurants etc. Um and where
does that leave uh you know companies
you know not just Amazon but anyone
that's selling stuff.
>> Amazon's earnings report too may overlap
with the next US employment data jobs
report. We will be looking for evidence
that this Amazon layoff is part of a
widespread phenomenon of weakening in
the US labor market. And we will be
discussing to what extent that is being
driven by AI, workers are more
productive and so therefore you need
less of them. Maybe people's jobs are
being replaced
etc. Justin, you're a longtime watcher
and reporter on jobs reports. What are
you expecting out of this particular
report? Yeah, I think um the things to
watch uh you know first thing is just
you know what what happened to the
monthly number you know how many jobs
were were added or subtracted um and you
know and where uh and the unemployment
rate the things that we always look at
um you know we're having this issue
right now where you know we just don't
know what the right piece of job
creation for the economy is um because
of the the actions of the administration
cracking down on immigration.
>> It shrinks the labor force, right? It
changes the composition
>> changes the changes the composition of
the labor force. It just means that you,
you know, there aren't as many people to
hire. Um, so that means, right, it
could, you could end up having, you
know, a very, very, very slow pace of
job creation without it doing anything
to the unemployment rate up or down.
And, and it's just a huge question, uh,
of of, you know, what's happening there.
>> And what about revisions? Revisions have
obviously been a political issue, you
know, in recent months. Is is this a
report that might bring revisions of
past data?
>> Yeah. So, um, you know, we always have
revisions to sort of the monthly data.
Um, this month, uh, we also see what's
called the the benchmark revision. Uh
and that's where uh the labor department
has sort of better kind of tax data and
is able to you know get a full
accounting of uh of what the labor force
looked like you know as of March of last
year
>> and that's because we're now at the
beginning of a new year. So they've been
able to collect that tax.
>> Yeah. They've collected the
>> happens every year around this time.
>> Happens every year around this time. Um
and the signal is really that there is
going to be a large downward revision um
to that to that data you know through
March of last year. We don't know
exactly what it's going to look like on
a month-to-month basis um but you know
it will probably um you know sort of
significantly lower uh you know our our
reading on how many people are employed
in the United States.
>> All right. Well, so it seems like in
these jobs reports there is much more at
stake than just what's the number and
and I think it's really critical to
understand this if you want to start to
think about okay besides all of the
noise going on around us like what's
fundamentally happening in the US
economy because at the end of the day
that is ultimately the the the the
ballast of for the market to unpack that
Justin and I this past week called Eric
Brinolson he's a professor at Stanford
he runs the Stanford digital economy lab
he's also the co-founder now of Work
Helix, a company that helps big
companies identify opportunities for AI.
And he has been writing and thinking and
talking about artificial intelligence
for frankly longer than I've even been
aware that that term existed. Um, we
talked to him. He was at the World
Economic Forum conference in Davos. He
was kind enough to uh take some of his
time. He was in a hotel room and he
still took some time to talk to us from
Switzerland. And so we're going to have
that conversation with Eric after the
break. However, before we cut away, I do
want to acknowledge that we asked our
audience in last week's episode for
feedback about how they are using the
things that we talk about and thinking
about all these big giant global changes
happening and how they how that plays
out in their portfolios. And we got
really fantastic feedback. We mentioned
one person talking about how they had
joined the Cell America trade. Um, but
Miriam, tell me if you read them the
same way. I thought that most of the
people who wrote to us were saying that
they were kind of steady Eddie
investors. A lot of indexes, buy and
hold, talking about other asset classes
like real estate. Is that Did you come
away with the same impression?
>> Yeah, I I mean I think the big takeaway
was that most people are buying ETFs and
they have kind of a fundamental
allocation philosophy and they're maybe
tweaking at the margins but not making a
lot of big changes and that they're
trying to stay consistent with like
their set paradigm about their
investment portfolio.
>> All right. Well, we're going to keep
incorporating people's feedback into
future episodes, calling out comments
when relevant, and also we'll probably
have some questions for you going
forward because I thought this was
really successful.
>> Definitely keep those responses coming.
>> All right, enough about that. We're
going to get to our conversation with
Eric Brinolson and joined by Justin
Lehart right after the break.
>> All right, everybody. Welcome back.
We're here with Eric Brinolson. Eric,
you're on the road right now, right?
You've been in Switzerland for the World
Economic Forum. Is that right? Yeah,
it's been a a milestone of activity with
a lot of people talking about AI as
really the the top topic here. Um, it's
number one, two, and three with maybe uh
Greenland mixed in there somewhere.
>> You know, we hear anecdotal, you know,
stories of, oh, companies doing a layoff
and some of it's related to AI or
automation. But you've actually looked
at past employment data from ADP looking
for AI impacts. What what have you been
finding? Well, at first I didn't expect
to see too much because I've talked
about what's called the productivity J
curve that often there's this lag
between capabilities and changes in the
economy and and and it's true
productivity and and some of the other
measures have been lagging. Um but in
the canaries in the coal mine paper that
I did with Barack Chandar and Ruy Chen
we started seeing some early evidence
that AI is having an effect on certain
specific job categories. So what we did
we worked with ADP the world's largest
payroll processor and we had data from
you know that allowed us to slice the
economy into smaller pieces. If you
divide the economy based on those
occupations that are most exposed to AI
and also by age group you see a lot you
can see which are most exposed by
breaking down every job into a task.
This is something that we do at work
helix. company. My co-founder Daniel
Rock wrote this great paper that ranks
18 or 19,000 tasks based on how exposed
they are. And what you see is the most
exposed occupations, those who are in
the age group of entry level like age 22
to 26 had about a 13% decline in
employment. Um those who were older did
not see much of a decline and those who
were not in exposed groups also did not
see much of a decline. So it was really
concentrated in that group. Is that
enough to to move the needle on sort of
the overall labor market yet or, you
know, is it is it just sort of on the
edges still?
>> It's not enough to really move the
market in the in the aggregate yet. In
fact, when we looked at the topline
numbers, I thought, hey, there's nothing
much happening there and other people
have said that, but when you slice it
into these smaller pieces, you do see
some effects. That's a relatively, you
know, small group, but it's an important
group. entry- level workers. You know,
my kids are in that group and and I know
that that that's going to matter a lot
as as the economy goes forward. Also,
you know, I mentioned 13%, but I should
say we we're just updating the paper and
I got a peek at the new data and now
it's 16%. You know, with with three
months more of data. So, the effect
seems to be growing over time. If these
trends continue, it's going to become
much more evident at the top line. So,
as you've looked at these these job
impacts, um what are some specific
examples you've seen of types of jobs or
job duties or tasks that have been
subject to that automation effect?
>> Let me give you some concrete examples.
I mean, one of the biggest ones that's
clearly being affected is junior
software developers. You know, AI is
handling more and more of the so-called
boilerplate code, reducing the need for
entry-level, you know, code monkeys that
that do that work. um the more senior
people that define the project and used
to allocate different parts to to junior
people, they're still important and that
means that those entry- level people are
going to have to upskill to do more of
that more sophisticated work. It's
happening in companies like Infosys and
Cognizant and Accenture. It's happening
in enduser companies. Um another big
category is customer service
representatives. I did a study of this.
uh firms like Cara and IKEA are
replacing or upskilling thousands of
support roles in my paper with uh
Lindseay Raymond and Danielle Lee. Uh we
did see some big productivity effects
especially for the more junior people,
not as much for the more senior people.
Um and uh you know that could be good
news if it translated into more
productivity for them but it also in
some cases can lead to replacement and
and in the more recent wave since we
wrote that paper they're focusing more
and more on agentic systems that that
you know uh answer many of the questions
of their own without even going to a
human. Now I want to stress in in our
paper we also found that there was
growing employment in some categories
especially those who are using it to
augment. Um but you asked about the
automation and I just gave you some
examples.
Have you seen impacts on what we would
typically call bluecollar jobs? Uh has
has AI affected employment in those
sectors or those categories?
Well, the current wave of AI uh you know
large language models, generative AI is
mostly affecting cognitive work. Um we
are seeing you know amazing developments
in robotics but they're a few years or
maybe a decade behind what we're seeing
on the cognitive side. Um, so there is,
you know, kind of an irony that there's
been a twist here where blue collar
workers were hit harder by some of the
earlier waves of automation. This time
it may be the doctor, not the nurse. In
fact, in our data, home health age was
one of the most rapidly growing
categories. Um, they were not affected
as much because there weren't a lot of
tasks when we did that taskbased
analysis, you know, with with the work
helix taxonomy. um we did not see that
um there are a lot of things that home
health aids um have that can be done by
LLMs unlike say software developers or
uh or call center operators. Is there a
version of the way that AI plays out
that allow lowerkilled people to
essentially upskill? Uh, you know, maybe
you didn't get that master's degree, but
some of the work that you might have
learned in that program now, you know,
you can you can ask, uh, maybe, you
know, a tool to do for you, right? And
maybe even impact people, you know, with
with, you know, middling to sort of, you
know, lower skill levels actually even
more than people with high skill levels.
Is there a version of that? or are there
industries or pockets where that might
play out?
>> Absolutely. In fact, that's been one of
my passionate talks here in Davos has
been to emphasize that we can use AI to
augment what people are doing and
there's no one inevitable future. You
know, the future is yet to be written
and we have a lot of power to shape
that. In fact, as the tools become more
powerful, they give us more choices
about how we end up using them. And one
of the things I think is very important
is to think not simply about using AI to
replace work, replace routine work, and
save cost. Not that there's anything
wrong with that, but that often doesn't
really get the full benefits. The bigger
benefit is using AI to empower people to
do new things they couldn't have done
before. Um, you know, there's this um
old idea in computer science and
artificial intelligence called the
Turing test. The idea is that if we
could make an AI that perfectly matches
and replicates and imitates what people
do, that would be the ultimate goal. Um,
and I was inspired by that when I first
heard it, but then I studied a little
bit more closely and now I think it's a
terrible idea, not only as a test of AI,
but more importantly as a direction for
the technology of something we should be
aiming at. So, I wrote a paper called
the Turing Trap, which emphasizes that
no, let's not trap ourselves to using AI
to replace people and disempower people
and drive down wages, but instead use it
to augment people, especially some of
the people who previously weren't um
getting as big a share of the economy.
And if you use the AI technologies to
allow them to do new things, then you
can have not only more productivity, but
also more widely shared prosperity. Um,
I think it's something that more and
more CEOs are understanding is
beneficial for them and their
stockholders. Workers are more likely to
buy into it and ultimately it's better
for society as well.
>> So, so young people and their parents
um, you know, are very concerned uh
about what AI is going to the work do to
the workforce as they enter it. Um, is
it is it all bad news for them? How
should how should they be thinking about
this?
>> Well, Justin, this is an incredibly
important question. I mean, in talking
to some of the executives here in in in
Davos and really in in my work at Work
Helix, what we're seeing is that this
pyramid that a lot of companies have
where people come in at the base and
then some of them work their way up to
the uh mid-level and senior positions um
is turning into more of a uh a pentagon
or a uh maybe a diamond where the base
is really shrinking. The problem with
that is then what happens to those
middle level jobs? I mean, where are you
going to get the people with the
experience? They have to learn
somewhere. And uh we're going to have to
rethink kind of our implicit contract
with junior folks. It used to be that
they did a lot of maybe not so
interesting work and you know that was
something that helped them pay their
dues as they then over time got learned
the tacet knowledge, the tips and tricks
to become more effective uh middle level
and senior people. But now AI can do a
lot of that more routine work pretty
well. And so there's not as much need
for companies to do the hiring. Um I
think we're going to have to think hard
about how we train those folks.
>> So just so I understand this, this is
the idea is that we uh that we learn
sort of tacet knowledge. That's that's
kind of you know stuff that you just
know how to do. Um and that we learn
that sort of in in our in our when we're
young on the job and you really need
that tacet knowledge to you know
ultimately leverage AI.
So I guess the concern would be that you
know AI could sort of you know eat
itself that we wouldn't have anyone with
tacet knowledge.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's not just with AI. I
mean so um the AI systems I mean large
language models work by essentially
reading everything they can. They read
all the books. They read all the stuff
on the internet. They read the manuals
and instructions. Um sometimes they look
at the transcripts and call centers and
learn from that. But there's also a lot
of knowledge that's never written down.
Call it tacit knowledge. And as people
get more experienced, they learn the
tips and tricks when not to go by the
book and when to do something a little
bit different. That takes experience and
um it's something that junior people
don't have. It's also something that AI
systems don't have. Um but you have to
get it by learning and practicing. And
we have to have make sure that we have a
path where humans continue to learn that
so they'll be able to take care of those
um those unexpected circumstances that
were never codified. you quoted um
Robert Solo in something you wrote a
little while ago um who was talking
about the the computer age and he said
uh you can see the computer age
everywhere but in the productivity
statistics right so there was a period
of time when it didn't look like the
advent of you know computers at work and
in the home were making people more
productive and then you know I guess
that's the shape of the Jay right like
it seems to not improve and then
suddenly shoots up right where are we in
the J curve on AI would you say right
now
>> I think we're just at turning point of
the productivity J curve. We are seeing
it um in specific cases. There are
certain places like uh coding and
software development like call centers
uh like junior financial and legal
analysts where there's no question
there's really big productivity gains,
double digit some cases even literally
tripledigit productivity gains. And part
of my job at as an professor and also as
a co-founder of work helix is to
identify all of those specific
opportunities. That said, it's not yet
widespread through the economy. I think
it's it's we're going to see bigger
productivity gains in the next few
years. In fact, I I went ahead and put
my money where my mouth is. I made a bet
with the great economist Bob Gordon um a
few years ago saying that uh the
productivity numbers that the
Congressional Budget Office and others
were projecting were way too low. I bet
they're going to come in higher before
the end of the decade. Um I'm already
ahead on that bet and we haven't even
seen the real part of the productivity J
curve hit. So I think that the next few
years we're going to really start seeing
it take off.
>> I wonder if there's a kalshi market for
that. Can the rest of us?
>> Well, we just bet basically an expensive
dinner. Um but uh but yeah, I think
obviously there's trillions of dollars
at stake in seeing that. Now there's a
lot of other things going on in the
economy. You know, we could have wars or
recessions. You know, I can't control
all of that. But if you just look at at
the productivity side from AI, I'm
pretty optimistic. So, generative AI is
it's it's it's all we talk about these
days. Um, but there are tons and tons of
different kinds of AI that that people
are using and implementing
>> and you know what about them? I mean,
what is it are in 10 years? Are we going
to be talking about generative AI or are
we going to be talking about something
different?
>> Well, no question. This paradigm, this
transformer has been a real breakthrough
and it's allowed us to do a lot of
things we never thought were possible
before. wouldn't at least wouldn't
happen so quickly. That said, it has
some obvious limitations. We all see it
hallucinate and it's not really very
precise or truthful in in some cases.
Um, but it's learning how to use tools
just like we humans use tools. We use
calculators and and databases and other
tools to answer questions better. Uh,
large language models and generative AI
are beginning to learn how to use these
tools. And that combination of uh kind
of a core LLM that is then powered or is
then using all these other tools I think
is a path forward where we're going to
have a much broader set of capabilities.
>> All right. Well, we're going to take a
quick break. When we come back, a couple
more questions for Eric Brinson.
>> All right. Welcome back. So, Eric, uh,
you know, in the spirit of this
conversation, we tried something new
here at, uh, WSJ's Take on the Week, and
we asked, uh, we asked an AI tool. We
asked Gemini, the tool we use around
here, for a little help in preparing for
this interview. We told it that we were
preparing a podcast about markets,
finance, and economics, and that we were
interviewing you. Um, and we said,
"Suggest some questions." And you know
what? I I have to say, they weren't they
weren't they weren't terrible. They
weren't terrible. So, actually, we're
going to ask you questions. Okay? These
these are these are Gemini generated
questions.
>> Should I feed them into into my LLM to
answer them or do you want me [laughter]
to answer them with my own brain?
>> Let's let's do before we go too far down
that rabbit hole. Let's let's let's do
the human Eric before we do the um
>> sort of fair enough
>> automated Eric. Okay. So here's the
question. If we switched from GDP to GDP
be tomorrow, how different would our
perception of the last decade's economic
growth be? And actually before you
answer that give a succinct definition
of GDP B as well just so that we catch
up to catch up to
>> Gemini. Yeah. Yeah. GDP is as a lot of
people know measures all the things that
are bought and sold in the economy. Um
but if something has zero price like
Wikipedia with few exceptions it has
zero weight in GDP. And you know that
used to not be such a big deal um until
the advent of digital goods like chat
GPT and all the things we get on our
phone. uh Americans spend roughly eight
hours a day looking at screens of
various types and listening to to
podcasts like this one um that they may
not pay for. So we need to think about
the benefits that they get even if
they're paying zero. So that's why we
have this GDP-b stands for benefits. Um
economists call that consumer surplus.
How much you value you get from
something even if you pay little or
nothing for it. Um, we've developed a
methodology for systematically going
through the goods in the economy and
assessing this benefit that they get.
And for things like Wikipedia, it's it's
like 20 or $30 a month for some people.
Uh, other things like email or search or
maps, it's even more. Um, in fact, even
things you do pay for, you often get
much more of a benefit than what you
actually have to pay for. So, we're in
the process of uh scaling this up to a
representative basket of the whole
economy. We should have a a paper later
this year about that. U and one of the
things we're seeing not surprisingly is
that when you start counting all these
digital goods and all these unmeasured
goods that the growth has been faster
than we otherwise would have expected.
By the way, it also helped us understand
other things that are valuable but
haven't been measured like um household
labor. Women do a lot of work, everybody
does a lot of work at home um that isn't
counted as part of GDP. And so there's
been a bias there by not counting that
uh properly. um uh clean air uh and the
environment. Um there are a lot of other
things that people care about uh better
health that aren't measured in
traditional GDP. So GDP gives a more
meaningful I think understanding of
where the real value is created in the
economy.
>> To follow up on Gemini's question, um
would it change the story of the economy
over the past decade? I mean I think we
we we understand, you know, kind of a of
an up and down of sort of growth over
the last few years. Obviously, you know,
all kinds of things happening in there,
COVID, etc. Um, would we be telling a
different story about sort of the state
of the American economy if if we had
worked this into it?
>> As the economy becomes more and more
digital, it becomes essential for us to
measure those unmeasured benefits um
that are important for zero or very
lowpriced digital goods. Um, as that
becomes a bigger share of the economy,
it becomes more and more of the story. I
mean, let me give you one example where
we looked at the uh the digital welfare
of nations was the name of a paper I did
with a with a team and uh we looked at a
dozen different countries and we found
that there were trillions of dollars of
these unmeasured benefits across them.
Uh one of the things that kind of
surprised me was that uh poorer people
both within countries and between
countries actually got a bigger benefit
from these digital goods proportionately
than the richer people. And after a
while, you sort of, if you think about
it, it makes sense. You know, a wealthy
person can buy, you know, cars and TVs
and caviar or whatever. A poorer person
maybe doesn't have as much ability to
buy those, but they can still get access
to the free goods. So, proportionally,
it's more important to them.
>> All right, Eric. Well, we've had a
tremendous conversation. Um, AI
obviously the topic that we have all
been and will probably continue to be
talking about. So, it's been great to to
talk to you about it and, uh, we'd love
to have you back on the show sometime.
Thanks so much for joining us. Real
pleasure. Obviously, these are some of
the most important questions in the
economy today and happy to chat with you
about them as more data come in.
[music]
>> I'm just going to say your last name.
Tell me if I've got it. Okay. Bin
Yolson.
>> Perfect. Yeah. The J is like a Y.
>> Great. Okay.
>> I'm from Iceland, not not Greenland.
[laughter]
[music]